Ready?
Action.
Cut! Great job!
(Song Geu Rim)
Good work today.
That hurts.
What's wrong with you?
Will taking you home do?
The drama world is
repaying the drama world,
so let's call it even.
And don't follow me around
anymore.
Okay?
I'll never do radio.
Forget it. I'll go alone
even if I have to crawl.
Put me down!
I said to put me down.
Do you hate me that much?
Why?
Or do you hate the radio
that much? Why?
What do you hate so much?
Why must I tell you that?
You tripped me on purpose
four years ago...
at the charity ball,
didn't you?
Do you think I'm stupid?
You say things
to anger me...
and start fights with me.
What did I do to you?
What's your problem?
Where are we going?
Let me off.
I'm not going
to the hospital.
How can you ignore me
at a time like this?
Wait...
How did you know
I live here?
- Get out.
- How did you know?
Do you need me
to carry you out again?
Are you not getting out...
because you want me
to hold you again?
Ji Soo Ho.
You can't just disappear
from a shoot like that.
What about your schedule?
You have to tell me
if you're leaving.
It doesn't matter if it's
2 minutes or 2 hours,
you would be considered
missing to us.
Did you drive
that girl home?
You can go now.
I took care of the
commercial shoot.
You never acted
like this before...
Mr. Kim.
I told you that you can go
with a smile.
- What is this?
- Open the door.
(Visiting system,
I can hold my tongue)
Ji Soo Ho.
What is this?
Do you have fans
stalking you?
If you don't open up,
I could make
a scene out here.
Who is this guy?
I'll get rid of him.
I told you to go.
Who are you?
I'm Ji Soo Ho's manager.
All right. Excuse me.
Maybe
I should be your manager.
Why do you have
so much stuff?
I'm going to live here.
I entered
medical school...
as a top student and
graduated with top scores.
Did you know that?
You won't
get your treatment...
nor come in
for consultation.
You won't listen to me,
so...
So?
I will follow you around
24 hours a day.
You're in for trouble.
I'm hungry.
Do you have any food?
That sounds like fun.
Do I get to take writers
to hotels too?
I never came here
with a writer before.
Why are you
up in my face?
Pardon?
Why do you...
keep showing up
in front of me?
Gosh, that Ji Soo Ho...
Song Geu Rim?
Yes.
I think they're trying
to recruit Soo Ho...
as their radio DJ.
She would chase him around
during the shoot.
He missed his shoot
for a commercial...
because he drove her home.
Get to the point.
What does Soo Ho think?
I'm not sure yet,
but I think
he could be interested.
Soo Ho doesn't have
a phone or a manager.
That's why I asked you
to follow him around.
However, you're always...
disappointing me.
(Jin Tae Ri)
You're dismissed.
Okay.
Ms. Nam!
Are there any updates
regarding the contract...
with Ji Soo Ho
we talked about before?
I'm with some reporters
right now,
and I'm itching to talk.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What is this?
Hey.
I always had Ms. Choi
do my hair for years.
Can someone
explain to me...
why a rookie
is touching my hair?
I'll do it properly.
Stop touching my hair.
I told you to get
Ms. Choi here.
Yes, thank you.
Gosh. Hello, Tae Ri.
I've been watching
your 5pm drama.
Hey!
I'm your senior,
but you didn't say hello.
I came out
to get your greeting.
Do you have a problem
recognizing faces?
Or maybe you never had
a television at home.
Don't you know
how much earlier...
I debuted before you...
and appeared
on television?
What is she talking about?
Hey. Listen.
Do you want to give me
a proper hello,
or do you want to get
your hair ripped out...
and get your name
in the headlines with me?
Hey.
If you don't
say hello again next time,
I'll really
pull your hair out. Okay?
Mr. Lee.
Why did you ask me
to come here?
What happened
to your foot?
Well...
Something happened.
Mr. Lee...
Come in.
- This desk is for you.
- Pardon?
Your desk is gone
because you got fired.
I used to send in
a lot of postcards too.
Isn't this place nice?
Yes.
It's nice, but...
What about Ji Soo Ho?
Well...
I should talk to you
about him.
Mr. Lee, I have something
to tell you.
Let's talk outside.
I met with Ji Soo Ho,
and he's not a good fit
for radio.
There are candidates
better than him.
We don't even have
a concept yet.
We can't cast a DJ...
to find out later
he doesn't fit our theme.
Are you saying he said no?
No,
that's not what I mean.
How is Oh Ji Soo?
She's really hot
these days.
So he won't do it?
I mean...
Why does it have to be
Ji Soo Ho?
I was trying
not to go this far,
but Ji Soo Ho
is completely crazy.
That's okay.
I'm more crazy.
But...
Ji Soo Ho...
doesn't look like
a radio person, does he?
I think he would
totally look down on us.
How did you know?
Geu Rim.
He's the most unlikely
person...
to become friendly
with radio.
Isn't that something
we should make happen?
I have one more reason,
but I'll tell you
once you recruit him.
Are you serious?
What do I do?
(Dear Moon Sung Woo...)
If you're fired, go away.
Come on,
don't be like that.
Why are you playing
hard to get?
What are you so dying
to talk to me about?
You have been a DJ
for 30 years.
You persuaded listeners
all over the world.
You're a radio star
who lasted for so long.
That's why
you should tell me.
Tell you what?
How to persuade someone
that hates radios.
You made me into a writer.
You can't ignore me now.
Don't blame it on me.
It's true.
My mom and I have been
your fans for 10 years.
Look. I probably sent...
over 100 postcards
to your show.
I learned Korean and music
through your show.
I even learned life
and writing.
Then why are you
so bad at writing?
What is it
that you want me to do?
How can I help you
recruit Ji Soo Ho?
Mom and I got through
hard times thanks to you.
Just like
how you convinced me,
tell me how I can
convince Ji Soo Ho...
I was convinced by radio
not because...
of a strategy
but due to sincerity.
I'll get going.
Thank you. I love you.
Do you still not want
a phone?
If you don't want
a manager,
how about a secretary?
It wouldn't be
my secretary but yours.
Whichever.
I don't need one.
Then
should I fire Mr. Kim too?
I hired him
because you wanted him.
However, you are turning
Mr. Kim into a scarecrow.
We'll talk about
business now.
(Documentary film
production proposal)
They want to shoot a film
about our family.
The director
is Kim Sang Soo.
We will handle all product
placement and marketing.
I thought we did enough.
Must we sell ourselves?
Of course.
Just walking and breathing
can get you money.
You must know how much
it would be in a year.
I won't do it.
You missed a schedule
last night.
It cost a lot to stop
articles ruining our name.
I didn't want
to bring this up.
It's your birthday
next month.
I'm giving you an early
birthday present...
since it's getting cold.
Son.
Didn't I tell you?
What you're good at,
what you're bad at,
and what you just do...
Even breathing...
could harm me.
I'll set the meeting with
the director next week.
We'll follow our script
as always.
I won't do it.
I don't think I can smile
in front of the cameras...
running around me
for 24 hours.
Your dad went to a shoot
overseas.
We'll have a party
on our own.
Okay.
The candles are dripping.
Hurry and blow them out.
Happy birthday.
Soo Ho.
I have something to say
for your birthday.
You are not...
my son.
So, what you're good at,
what you're bad at,
what you just do,
and even your breathing...
Make sure none of it
bothers me.
You have to do a good job,
okay?
Doc.
Hey, Doc.
- Yes, Patient?
- Give me sleeping pills.
Declined.
If you get consultation,
I will prescribe you.
I have insomnia.
No, it's depression.
All celebrities have it.
We're always shooting late
and acting new characters.
We're so stressed from
being exposed...
- to the public.
- Patient.
Do you cry these days?
How many times
have I told you?
Whether you cry
because you're happy,
sad, or frustrated, I will
only prescribe you...
the pills when you cry.
You're always putting on
a fake smile.
This is my last warning.
No treatment,
no prescriptions.
I mean it.
Is this JH Entertainment?
I'm a radio writer
named Song Geu Rim.
I contacted you in regards
to casting Ji Soo Ho.
I want to meet with
the CEO for the request.
She's in a meeting
right now.
When will she finish
her meeting?
I'm afraid I cannot
tell you. Goodbye.
Wait. I...
Why can't she tell me?
Hello, I'm Song Geu Rim.
I called you earlier.
Could I meet with the CEO?
Or maybe
Ji Soo Ho's manager...
You need an appointment.
Don't be like that.
I'm really a radio writer.
Have you heard
of Mi Nu's Happy 6pm?
You still need to make
an appointment.
How can I meet them...
if they won't let me
set up a meeting?
I'll just wait over there
until Ms. Nam has time.
Is that okay?
I'll hear you out
on the way.
Well, the thing is...
You came yet again today,
to cast me.
I'll hear you out,
so talk.
Be patient, Geu Rim.
Just this once.
Okay.
Then why don't we go
to a cafe and talk...
No, I don't have time.
I'll listen during
the 30-minute ride home.
Sure, sure.
I'll drive you safely
to your house.
I have a commercial
driver's license.
I've been picking up
and dropping off...
our DJs and guests...
and am a seasoned driver
thanks to that.
You can trust me.
Excuse me.
Here. Would you please
take a look?
I made this
to introduce...
- the radio...
- So?
What was
your biggest show?
- Nothing yet.
- Did you win any awards?
None.
Where can I see your work?
Well...
If you agree to be
our DJ,
it'll be my first time
being the main writer.
Does the radio pay more?
- Does it make the news?
- Sorry?
Name one benefit it has...
over being on camera.
Do you know how much I get
per episode of a drama?
Do you know how much
it calculates to...
in an entire year?
Thank you.
You have nothing else
to say, right?
I gave you
plenty of opportunities,
but you couldn't
convince me.
Two Best Actor awards
at the Cheongryong Awards.
You won an acting award
for your drama too.
You're in every other
commercial on TV.
You sell cell phones
over and over,
and even beer.
That's why I took notes
on your career,
and you're going down
the wrong path.
- So?
- So,
the radio is the answer.
Take off that fancy mask,
and show them
who you really are.
This is the time for you
to start a new chapter...
in your life.
I firmly believe that.
Soo Ho.
You've been surrounded by
cameras for 15 years.
There are no cameras
in radio.
That's why it won't pay
or make the news...
as much as TV.
There are no flashes
going off in the booth.
There's no set script
either.
But Soo Ho.
That's why this will be
very good for you.
That's why...
I really want to introduce
the radio to you.
Give me the car keys.
Yes. Here.
Goodbye.
Just a minute.
Please look through this
just once.
Just five minutes.
Watch this
for five minutes,
and listen to the radio
for 50 minutes.
Please seriously think it
over for five days.
Please?
Ms. Song Geu Rim.
Yes?
How long have you been
in this industry?
- How do you not know?
- Sorry?
I said I'd never go on
the stupid radio,
and to please
not show up...
at shoots, my agency,
or anywhere.
I was trying to say it
nicely out of kindness.
Do you not get it when
spoken to nicely?
On top of that,
why do you make me
say it like this?
I'll say it one more time.
Stop getting up
in my face.
Stop showing up. Please.
I'll never go on
the stupid radio.
Excuse me, Soo Ho.
"The stupid radio"?
What's
"the stupid radio"?
Why are you putting
"stupid" before "radio"?
Have you ever...
once stepped foot
inside a radio booth?
Have you ever properly
listened to the radio?
From now on,
I'll teach you
what radio really is...
so that you can never
say something like that.
You'll see how
it'll change your life.
I won't show up and be
up in your face anymore.
I'll always be next to you
and now "show up".
Do you understand?
So,
I'll have to keep
following you around.
Okay then.
I'll see you tomorrow
and every day thereafter.
How dare you disrespect
the radio?
You can disrespect me,
but you can't disrespect
the radio.
[Kocowa Ver] KBS2 E02 Radio Romance "Doctor & Patient"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Ji Soo Ho, that jerk.
I mean,
how could he disrespect
the radio like that?
That's not right, is it?
Was Ji Soo Ho
that big a jerk?
Well, it's not like
he was a big jerk...
I'm sure this brat
went off at him.
It's so obvious.
Of course.
What now?
Did you really think
you could win him over?
- Really?
- No way.
Well, I thought...
if I was sincere,
he'd appreciate
that sincerity.
It was a beautiful
thought.
Sincerity?
Geu Rim, I think...
you should...
give up and call Ms. La.
Ask her to make you
assistant writer...
for her next show.
But...
I can't back off...
after being treated
like that.
Ji Soo Ho.
(Sun runs into Dan Hwi
and has to deceive him.)
Patient. Come eat.
Give it back.
("Rainy Day")
Come on.
You couldn't sleep
last night...
and stayed up, didn't you,
my depression patient?
I prepared foods
that help you sleep.
Just give me
sleeping pills.
No.
I'm looking for a cure
other than meds.
Doc.
If I stay up all night
again...
because you won't
give me meds,
what do I do at the shoot
tomorrow?
That would be great.
I'd love to see you
get sleepy.
So? What must I do
to continue acting...
without taking meds?
Well, first,
eat this. And...
tell me how you feel.
Let's get past stage one
of your treatment.
How I feel?
You said you knew
without my saying it.
That's why
I called you here,
paying five times
your salary.
I was pulling your leg.
How could I know
if you don't tell me?
I'm not your creator.
Hey, I spent a lot of time
cooking this.
Darn it. I failed again.
Again.
Darn it.
It's so salty.
So why did you call...
seven times?
Why didn't you answer,
when you knew I called
seven times?
That's why I came.
But...
you've aged.
The make-up
doesn't suit your age.
That's none of
your business.
Does your stylist
actually do her job?
I won't complain about
you fooling around...
with actresses, but please
stay away from staff.
So what put you
in a bad mood again,
that you called me here?
Your son.
Do you know he's weird?
It would be weird
if he wasn't weird.
I'm not joking around.
This is business.
We need to stop it
before he gets weirder.
If you want to continue...
living as you do now.
I'm sure you know
what I mean.
Move back in for a bit.
You can bring your young
lover if you want.
Get out. I have work.
No. Why do you go alone
without your manager?
I said to get out.
I have a shoot.
I'm going there too.
- What?
- I said I'd follow you...
24 hours a day. Let's go.
Let's go.
So,
I'll have to keep
following you around.
Okay, then.
I'll see you tomorrow
and every day thereafter.
I heard the last shoot
was incredible.
Why does that always
happen when I'm not here?
But who was that girl?
I heard she was a writer.
Did you agree to go on?
Do it for her.
Don't you feel bad?
She's a writer, after all.
The word's out.
What word?
Song Geu Rim.
Lady Kamikaze.
The writer who will do
anything to cast you.
Who said that?
That's what the entire
crew is saying today.
I feel bad for the girl.
I would've agreed right
away if she asked me.
We should call out
Lady Kamikaze tonight.
Let's see if she'll throw
herself into alcohol too.
Stop getting up
in my face.
Stop showing up. Please.
I'll never go on
the stupid radio.
Mom.
- Do you know Ji Soo Ho?
- Ji Soo Ho?
Who's that?
See?
He isn't that famous.
Why is he such a jerk?
He's not even
a famous star.
Why? What is it?
Mom. It's always
three strikes, right?
That's right. You should
always try three times.
You can't quit
after trying only once.
I didn't raise my daughter
to be like that.
What if I don't succeed
after three strikes?
Then you change
your principle.
To what?
"There are nine innings
in a game."
What if I fail
even after nine tries?
Then...
"If at first you don't
succeed, try, try again."
You should try again
with a long-term plan.
- Right?
- Right.
Mom. Whose daughter am I?
This is how well
I was taught at home.
That goes without saying.
Then I'll eat well...
and go for
my three strikes.
Okay. Good luck.
You can do it.
I agree with
what you're saying,
but I think we can get
a better shot.
What we have is plenty
perfect already.
We took seven takes.
Why do you want more?
Look how sweet that is.
Let's invite Lady Kamikaze
to our after party.
She's cool.
Let's see if she throws
herself into alcohol too.
I've been bored lately.
That should be fun.
- Who has her number?
- I do. I'll call her.
Okay. Good. Nice.
You'd better be prepared.
We'll drink for real.
That should be fun.
Hello, Mr. Jo.
Are you positive Ji Soo Ho
will be there tonight?
Yes, he may come.
Just come.
You have a Lady Kamikaze
fan club here.
Okay.
Text me the address.
Thanks.
Yes.
Okay.
There.
- Thank you.
- You were great.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Who are you?
Why did you
follow him here?
Don't be so antagonistic.
Let's formally
introduce ourselves.
I'm Ji Soo Ho's manager.
And you are?
Then I'll switch to...
Soo Ho's high school
friend slash...
someone with a secret
relationship with him.
Come on.
Let's shake hands.
Thank you.
Are you really not coming
to the after party?
I have plans tomorrow,
so I need to leave early.
Come on, Soo Ho.
Go with us.
That writer's coming too.
Come on. Let's play
with Lady Kamikaze.
You need to come
for her to have fun.
Let's go.
Here.
Here. Drink.
- Here's Lady Kamikaze.
- Hello. Hello.
- You look so pretty.
- Hello.
Hello, sir.
You're looking good
as always.
It's my stunt double.
Hi.
Hello.
I brought these for you,
Da Seul.
You said you were
craving this before.
I searched every
candy store in town.
Wow, thanks...
You're super cool,
Ms. Song.
Of course.
I'm a very cool woman.
So you must be
Lady Kamikaze.
I heard you had it rough
because of Soo Ho.
I didn't have it rough.
It was crazy hard.
I like you.
Let me pour you a drink.
By the way,
when is Ji Soo Ho coming?
I'm not sure.
He's the star, so he'll
probably come later.
Are you really going to
drink such boring stuff?
Who's Lady Kamikaze?
Who is it, that ever since
you heard she was going...
to the after party,
you won't talk at all?
Who is Lady Kamikaze?
Mr. Kim. Do you know?
What the...
This is so frustrating!
This silence
is killing me!
Darn it.
(Song Geu Rim)
- Kamikaze!
- Wait. Hold on.
If I fill these
exactly to the brim...
without overflowing,
every actor and actress...
here today will come
on my show...
as a guest at some point
when I ask, right?
- Yes!
Pinky swear?
Okay. Here I go.
- Cheers!
Bottoms up. Drink up.
Drink. Drink. Nice.
Ms. Song. Here.
You're a good drinker.
You know,
I can usually drink
a lot more than this.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
When is Ji Soo Ho coming?
He said
he'll be here soon.
Let's drink. Cheers.
Bottoms up.
One more?
Song Geu Rim.
You're not this weak.
You can't let alcohol
beat you...
just because Ji Soo Ho
beat you.
Hey. Of all things,
soju bombs can't beat me.
That hurts my pride.
Come on. Let's go.
What is this
extremely strange place?
bed-like thing...
that I've seen only on TV?
Yes. This is a dream.
That's right.
It's a dream.
I haven't had a dream
in so long.
Ms. Song, do you want
to leave with me?
Get up.
Why did you drink
so much?
My gosh.
Hold on. Then...
Get it together.
Last night,
Oh Jin Soo helped me up,
and we walked...
and then someone
showed up in front of me.
Gosh!
What the...
Keep it down.
What's going on here?
What happened?
I remember up to
walking out...
with Oh Jin Soo
helping me walk,
but I don't remember
anything after that.
Why am I here?
What's going on?
Why did I wake up here?
Did you come late
to the after party?
Are you coming in with me?
- Sorry?
- I'm going to shower.
Are you coming in with me?
So,
I got wasted last night...
and passed out
in the hallway.
Oh Jin Soo
helped me up...
and was trying
to take me home, but...
I mean,
why did I wake up here?
Soo Ho.
Why am I here?
Please come out already.
Look.
You should at least
put on some clothes...
You said to come out.
Still.
You should dry yourself
first.
Do you want
to take a shower?
Sorry?
Look.
Oh, no.
What...
If you won't shower,
get changed.
I'll take you home.
Just what happened last...
Ms. Song.
Should I do
the radio show?
Sorry?
Then do something for me.
Your father okayed it.
You'll shoot a movie
starting next month.
I have some things
to discuss with you...
and notify you.
So you'll have to move
home for a while.
It's cold.
Let's talk inside.
I'm sure
I smiled and said,
"I won't do it."
Sure.
And I smiled and said
you will.
Let's go inside.
You talk about
staying mysterious...
and ban me from doing
other activities,
but I should do anything
that makes money.
Will Father's lover also
be in that...
real life
documentary movie?
Ma'am.
I'm thinking about
DJing a radio show.
All I have are commercial
after commercial...
and that real life
documentary movie.
I don't like a single
project coming up.
I was meeting with
a radio writer actually.
Explain.
She's a radio writer.
I need some supplemental
explanations.
I'm going to sign
a contract.
That's why I can't do that
real whatever movie...
that you mentioned.
How long?
How long will you play
doing radio,
and how long will you play
with that girl?
Who knows?
You're good
at casting celebrities.
Although I don't know
which skill it was.
Excuse me.
"Play"?
What did your mother
just say...
Let's go.
Let's talk later.
Excuse me. What did you
just say to your mother?
And what
did your mother...
just say before she left?
I can't understand,
so please explain.
Don't you want me
to do the show?
What other explanation
do you need?
If you don't want
to do it, just leave.
Don't do it
if I don't want to?
Are you threatening me?
No. How is this a threat?
Soo Ho. In your fight...
for power with your
mother, CEO, or whatever,
you made me
look like an easy woman,
and used my show
to threaten me.
Then don't do it.
Turn me down.
It's not a loss to me.
Seriously...
If it sounds like
a threat,
I won't do it.
Problem solved.
Plus, this is not
a threat.
I'm being sincere.
Can't you please leave?
Soo Ho.
Why do you keep smiling?
Why are you smiling?
This isn't funny.
Why do you keep
fake-smiling at me?
You're making me mad!
Then I'll talk
without smiling.
Leave. Please.
Bravo.
She must be Song Geu Rim,
the Lady Kamikaze.
I wasn't eavesdropping.
You guys were too loud.
Patient.
Do her radio show.
Seeing you like this...
makes me so happy.
Stay still.
Nice.
(Mr. Moon Sung Woo,
my name is Song Geu Rim.)
Hello, Soo Ho.
I am Song Geu Rim,
a radio writer...
who wants to write
the warmest words ever.
I've prepared this video
to introduce to you,
the radio, which I love...
so very much.
The postcards I sent in
when I was in...
middle school and high
school are still up.
I loved the radio and
listened every day.
This booth belongs to
KBC Radio's legend,
a DJ of 30 years.
Yes. This is the office...
where I write my scripts.
It may look like
a storage room,
but it is my writing room.
And here.
Do you see all the
scripts that I hope...
you'd read?
Will you please save them?
This is the place
I love the most.
My hideout.
Soo Ho.
I'm not a good writer,
and I can't do anything
well right now.
But if you say you'd do
the radio show with me,
and the words
that I write...
are read to the world
with your voice,
I may bow down to you
that very day.
Does that sound like
a threat?
Anyway,
I hope you will...
knock on this door.
Let's do the radio show
together.
Hello, Mr. Kang.
Get up here
right this instant.
Song Geu Rim will be
your main writer?
Hey, Crazy Gang.
Have you lost your mind?
Song Geu Rim
is a problem too.
Did she say she'll do it?
Did she agree, saying
she'll be the main writer?
Okay. Fine.
You're working together
to drive me crazy, right?
Geu Rim. Get over here.
Are you really going to be
the main writer...
as it says
in the proposal?
Mr. Kang. You agreed that
I can staff...
Crazy Gang. Don't talk.
I'm trying to save
this radio station...
and begged until my hands
bled to save you.
Are you trying to say
we should die together?
How could you
make her the main writer?
She can't write
a single script properly.
- What...
- Mr. Kang.
You.
Don't say another word.
You talk.
Can you really be
the main writer?
It says right here,
"Main writer,"
"Song Geu Rim."
Can you create a show
and write the script well?
Can you?
You now Ms. La, right?
Work with her.
If you really want to work
with Geu Rim,
you can use her
as an assistant writer.
Ms. La. Is that okay?
She said, "Okay."
I'll work with Geu Rim.
Fine.
As it says
in this proposal,
if Ji Soo Ho agrees
to do it,
you can be the main
writer. You have...
my seal of approval.
So? Did he agree to do it?
Did you even get him
to agree?
No, right?
He refuses, right?
Even without Ji Soo Ho,
I'm working with Geu Rim.
Hey, Crazy Gang.
Where are you going?
Forget coming back
to work!
Forget the whole thing,
you punk!
Sorry, Ms. La.
He'll change his mind.
- It's okay.
- Be understanding.
Geu Rim.
Did you really think...
if you got Ji Soo Ho
to join,
you could be
the main writer?
Wake up, will you,
Geu Rim?
Even if you're good at
winning over guests...
and at kissing up
to people,
if you can't write,
you'll go on air...
and humiliate yourself.
You know your limitations,
don't you?
I don't know how you got
Lee Gang to pick you...
to be the main writer,
but Ji Soo Ho...
Do you really think
that's even possible?
Is that why you're here?
You think it can happen?
Like Ji Soo Ho would
really DJ a radio show.
Geu Rim.
I'm saying this...
because I'm concerned
for you. I mean it.
Wake up
and smell the coffee!
The probability of him
becoming a radio DJ...
is much worse than you
becoming a main writer.
Got that?
I'll do the radio show.
Let's do the radio show.
(Radio Romance)
Want to be my AD?
Work with me.
You really agreed?
Because of Lady Kamikaze?
It wasn't
because of her.
He wants to choose
the guests and his lines?
How did you know?
I heard we're battling.
This is absurd.
A battle?
I'll sign the contract
only with Song Geu Rim.
Let me ask one thing.
That's the best thing
I've heard. Ask 100.
Why did I agree
to go on the radio?
Will you not do it then?